welcome to EA Sports live coverage of
the Premier League today its Chelsea
against Manchester City midway through
the season and one of the most important
clashes of the entire campaign as first
go head to head with second
let's head first Stamford Bridge and
evening kickoff and the floodlights
shining down in West Nile
here's your comedy team marking Tyler
and Allen Smith
they didn't as a so he's taking his
tally we're into the second half of the
season now to eight it's not his best
but you look back at the school quality
need port and goals but I think he can
do better now as we look forward
here's the Chelsea liner Thibaut
Courtois starting go Gary Cahill starts
with John Terry as the center backs
Oscar starts a midfielder in good form
PBA drove Brett is the main striker
today
master cities line up today Johar starts
in goal an AirCam manggala plays with
vincent kompany and central defense that
made silver plays with hazers novice on
the flanks Sergio agüero is the sole
striker Sergio agüero and he's got two
14 goals and is still more than a
quarter of the season to go a really
productive season oh yeah
no he can feel pleased with the way he's
handled himself this year in front ago
Marc Lautenberg refereeing today and
well Pellegrini became the first
non-european to manage a winning team in
England's top championship ever what did
you make of his contribution and he was
a calming influence wasn't the number
one he had to heal a few sores after the
Mancini era as well as 19 he mates Oscar
across it
Oh kick to come
fishing
opportunity here after the goalkeeper
parrot it
Navis Gonzales
one thing at Chelsea we did see
ourselves salmon was the end of the
Mourinho unbeaten home record in the
Premier League
we've gone 77 games and then someone
turned up in April well the son was
inside fighting for the lives and nobody
expected them to come away with the
three points and I think we did we could
and the cross coming in
the merits
and to the face of the opposition
the chance of target Pablo Zabaleta
a lot of defenders between them in the
goal but they still got the ball hey
just NAB us in the middle good intercept
we're halfway through and we haven't yet
got a goal to bring to you nil nil
halftime to where they hate using
mediocre but that really has been
perhaps the one description of this
first half
most definitely look at some of the good
players the better players out there
they just haven't been out to produce
their best form so we've reached
halftime and the game is scoreless let's
take a look back at the highlights from
that first half and then we'll be back
Oh with your commentary team for the
second part
focus for the start of the second half
here at Stamford Bridge
he's gonna again
agüero
Sergio agüero as World Cup was cameo of
his season with Manchester City in the
2013-14 campaign he played now if he
often looked less than fully fit and
Clichy
looking for an opening with some good
control builder good movement to get to
it
pastor david silva was spotted
chelsey attacking here it's very good
skill he's made a defender look a bit
awkward there
his joke
the Gulf Alaska the keeper Worley makes
a decent effort at it but because it's
hit first time because he's hit with
powerful because
angle on the head
he's hurdle the slide tackle very well
here's the charts it's a mess when they
could have been leveled that was his
chance has no too many today but he
squandered each snatch done it
substitution coming up as they look to
make sure they hold their lead till the
final whistle picking them to the hilt
the other team are coming right at them
well it'd be a fantastic result this you
know because they have played extremely
well
here is Lampa this was his proud moment
to go
we can
is the cross
fàbregas was the shots and not a bad
effort
he's blowing his whistle for the last
time great example here encounter
attacking football Adam they drew the
opposition on to them they did and they
have got players with pace and they've
certainly got lads out there that can
finish as they showed so it's full time
with a final score one